Release/7.0 minor fts updates (#3021)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/fts/pages/fts-supported-queries-analytic-query.adoc

= Analytic Queries

> Analytic queries will take an optional argument from the user for the analyzer to apply over the search criteria prior to search.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an Analytic query to apply an analyzer to your search request.
If you don't provide an analyzer, the Search Service uses the analyzer from the Search index. 
```

> If said argument is not provided from the user the analyzer definition is derived from the index definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
